Doubts -
	1. Need_by_date or Promise_date to be considered for lead time.
	2. Item_number in PO data ? what should it be considered product_id or component_id
	3. Cant find exact product in data

1. Sale data (Not available).
	- selling price of a product.
		- To calculate revenue loss per product.
2. Bom (Not available).
    - Unit of components required to manufacture a single product.
		- To calculate how many products can be manufactured as per number of required components available.
3. Location master (Not available).
	- Mapping to supplier location 

4. PO (Available)
	- Supplier names and components bought from them.
		- Total number of quantity of each components bought.
	- Promise date. 
	- PO date.
	- Supplier location(Supplier's only have country as location).

	
Steps to create risk calculation data (Port risk) :
	step 1 - joining PO data to Location master  to get supplier's location
				i - getting suppliers exact location based on lat & lng 
	step 2 - joining Bom data to output of step 1 to get products component which are required to manufacture it
	
	step 3 - selecting columns 
	
	step 4 - getting port congestion data for supplier's port 

	step 5 - getting lead time by taking difference between PO creation date and promise date
	
	step 6 - getting risky supplier based on difference between promise day port delay and predicted or actual day if difference is greater then 0 
			 supplier is risky and the difference will added into lead time .
			 
	#### step 7 - Then we calculate revenue loss based on difference between promise day and actual day if greater then 1 those many days
			 production will be hampered . 
			 
			 


Steps to create risk calculation data (Finance risk) :
	step 1 - joining PO data to Location master  to get supplier's location
				i - getting suppliers exact location based on lat & lng 
	step 2 - joining Bom data to output of step 1 to get products component which are required to manufacture it
	
	step 3 - Finding suppliers financial from trusted sources 
				i - different financial indicator's
	
	step 4 - Checking threshold for financial indicators if extracted indicator value is greater then threshold risk of shipper will be directly 
			 proportional to financial indicator value.
			 E.g. Z-score indicator < 1.3 risk is 100%(high)
				  if risk is high all component coming from supplier will not be considered to be shipped
				  Z-score indicator > 1.3 and indicator < 2.9 risk is 30%(mid)
				  if risk is mid 30% of component coming from supplier will not be considered to be shipped
	
	step 5 	 - Then we calculate revenue loss based on total amount product manufactured when there was no risk - total number of product 
			   manufactured after risk .That will be my revenue loss due to less product manufactured.